first we're going to go to hany abuba
who's in Gaza Forest so hany 400 people
killed in the latest air
strikes yes Tom what we are seeing is a
nonstop of air strikes campaign across
the Gaza Strip uh in the only in the
past night in the early hours and the
early hours of this morning uh many many
residential homes have been targeted and
destroyed completely with people inside
of them the worst of these air strikes
uh were concentrated in jabalia refugee
camp where 30 people were reported
killed right away with so many injuries
uh the vast majority of these injuries
according to a source from the
Indonesian Hospital in the northern part
of Gaza Strip are children um five more
residential home in the city of Rafa
were completely destroyed destroyed by
Massive air strikes and a source from
the uh civil defense department in Rafa
said uh so far there 50 people are
killed at the early hours of this
morning but with many people under the
rubel the number is likely to increase
to 100 in a different uh City uh hanun
another air strike took place destroying
more residentials home in addition to
all of that there's heavy artillery
Shilling since yesterday uh 5:00 p.m. it
is started a went through the night and
early this morning uh artillery Shing in
city of Rafa uh eastern city of hanun
and Gaza City honey over the last day or
so we've of course been talking about
the aid that has been uh making its way
into Gaza in limited amounts what signs
are there that the aid is getting to
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip who need
it
well Tom unfortunately the amount of Aid
allowed into the Gaza Strip is so little
compared to the dire needs of the
Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip
we're talking about medical supplies and
food supplies compared to the amounts
the regular amounts Palestinian in Gaza
used to receive in times of no war or no
active conflict we're talking about 500
trucks of daily needs compared to 20
trucks in uh in time of of war and and
complete destruction everywhere is just
a drop in the ocean of what Palestinian
needs here the worst of these uh uh
areas that are affected the most is
hospitals uh hospitals lack a serious
medical supplies and we know in some
hospitals doctors are reaching uh to the
corn of shops for vinegar just because
of lack of antiseptic uh to treat sod
amonous uh a a bacterial infection and
this is serious the other thing that is
not included in the in the Convoy of
humanitarian Aid is the fuel uh which
represents the lifeline uh as of these
days without a fuel hospitals will shut
down its power generators and uh when we
spoke to the UN director of operations
yesterday he said that the amount of
fuel available uh for for Ona is only
enough till Wednesday and after that
horaa will be forced to shut down its
operations let alone its trucks to carry
more humanitarian Aid to the Gaza Strip
H we're talking to us from Kan in Gaza
Strip honey thank
you